*****USER MANUAL*****


Visteon Log File Viewer


--TABLE OF CONTENTS--
1) Introduction
2) System Requirements
3) Getting Started
  3.1) Installation
  3.2) Launching the software
4) User Interface Overview
  4.1) Menus
  4.2) Text Entry Fields
  4.3) Dropdown
  4.4) Buttons
5) Log File Management
  5.1) File Formats
  5.2) Opening a file
  5.3) Closing a file
6) Search
  6.1) Search Filters
  6.2) Multiple Value Search
  6.3) Search All
  6.4) Matches Found
7) Breakpoints
  7.1) Adding/Deleting Breakpoints
  7.2) Cycling Through Breakpoints
8) Packages
  8.1) Selecting Packages
  8.2) Importing Packages
  8.3) Package Entry Format
9) Clear All/Reset
  9.1) Clear All
  9.2) Reset
10) All Shortcuts
---------------------


1. INTRODUCTION
  Welcome to the User Manual for Visteon Log File Viewer, a powerful tool designed to help you efficiently view and analyze log files. This manual has been created to guide you through the process of using our software effectively, enlisting all the features present in the application.


2. SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
  OS: Windows 10 or later
  Apart from OS, the software doesn't have any external dependencies. It is a lightweight application that runs on most of the machines.


3. GETTING STARTED
  3.1 Installation
      The software can be installed by using the setup file of the application. While installing, select the directory where you want the software to be located. If you want a quick access to the software, create its shortcut on the desktop.

  3.2 Launching the software
      The software can be launched directly by either opening its shortcut file or by opening the logviewer.exe file in the installation directory.


4. USER INTERFACE OVERVIEW
  4.1 Menus
      The software has various menu bars such as File, Package, Help.

  4.2 Text Entry Fields
      There are various text entry fields in the main UI for General Search, PID search, TID search, Timestamp search.

  4.3 Dropdown
      The software has a dropdown for flag selection.

  4.4 Buttons
      There are buttons available for search in file, search all, clear all,reset.


5. LOG FILE MANAGEMENT
  5.1 File Formats
      The log viewer currently supports files with .log and .gz zip files having a single .log file in them.

  5.2 Opening a file
      A single file can be opened by navigating to the File Menu and selecting the 'Open File' option. The shortcut for the same is Shift+O.
      Multiple files can be opened at the same time navigating to the File Menu and selecting the 'Open Multiple Files' option. The shortcut for the same is Ctrl+Shift+O.

  5.3 Closing a file
      A file can be closed by selecting the tab and navigating to the File Menu and selecting the 'Delete Current Tab' option. The shortcut for the same is Shift+W.
      All files can be closed at the same time by navigating to the File Menu and selecting the 'Delete All Tabs' option. The shortcut for the same is Ctrl+Shift+W.


6. SEARCH
  6.1 Search Filters
      User can search for a log file with several filters such as:
      1)General Search : It will display log entries which contains the search text given in general search field. 
      2)Thread ID (TID): It will display log entries whose TID is the same as that of the TID field.
      3)Process ID (PID): It will display log entries whose PID is the same as that of the PID field.
      4)Flags : It will filter the log entries based on the flag that user chooses from the flag dropdown. Available options are VERBOSE, DEBUG, INFO,  WARN, ERROR, FATAL.
      5)Timestamp : It wil filter the log entries which lie in the time range spicified by the user in Timestamp From and Timestamp To fields.
      NOTE: All the filters will work on the AND condition.

  6.2 Multiple Value Search
      The user can search for multiple TID,PID or multiple general search keywords by using the '|' seperator.
      This feature will work on the OR condition.

  6.3 Search All
      If the user wants to filter all the files based on the conditions specified by them, they can press the 'Search All' button.
  
  6.4 Matches Found
      The user can view the number of entries found per search at bottom left of the screen.


7. BREAKPOINTS
  The breakpoint feature is used to mark a particular log line in the file.

  7.1 Adding/Deleting Breakpoints
      The user can add or delete breakpoints by selecting a log line and pressing the 'Add/Del Breakpoint' button or by using the shortcut F1. This helps the user to locate a particular log search in the main log file and determine the flow of the log.

  7.2 Cycling Through Breakpoints
      To cycle through the breakpoints specified by the user, the shortcut F2 has to be used. This will cycle through all the breakpoints in the selected log file


8. PACKAGES
  The packages feature allows the user to load several pre-defined search keywords into the search criteria.
  Example: [DISPLAY] package might have several keywords related to the Display module which the user might not be aware of.
  All the packages are located in the cfg/packages.json file.
  A default packages.json file is provided with some default keywords and their respectve values.

  8.1 Selecting Packages
      The user can select several packages by navigating to the Packages Menu and selecting the 'Select Packages' option. The user is then presented with a child window with all the available packages that are imported from the packages.json file. Once atleast one package file is selected, the 'Package Search is active.' label pops up below the search bar to alert the user that package search feature is active.
  
  8.2 Importing Packages
      The user can replace the default packages.json file with a file that has keywords of their choice. To do this, either navigate to the /cfg directory or click the 'Import Packages' option from the Packages Menu. The user is then led to the /cfg directory where they can replace the packages.json file. Once replacing is done, it is necessary to restart the application to import correct packages.
  
  8.3 Package Entry Format
      The format for a package is:
      "PACKAGE_KEY" : ["VALUE1","VALUE2","VALUEN"]
      The package is located in the packages.json file.


9. CLEAR ALL/RESET
  9.1 Clear All
      The 'Clear All' button clears all the input fields and performs a search with empty entries in the current file. This displays the original contents of the file.

  9.2 Reset
      The 'Reset' button clears all the input fields along with the breakpoints and packages selected by the user.
  
10. ALL SHORTCUTS
  SHIFT+O - Open a file
  CTRL+SHIFT+O - Open multiple files
  SHIFT+W - Delete current tab
  CTRL+SHIFT+W - Delete all tabs
  SHIFT+P - Select packages
  F1 - Add/Delete a breakpoint
  F2 - Cycle through breakpoints